Speak there, youtube black and funai sax
attack with one more video and in that video
will teach you how to download and install
the translator for the Korean brand day in
Portuguese
Beauty, we 're not going to stretch too long.
I am first entered the site
microblogging
my site and go with that number here in
up a black bar at home in my
chair is to open this page with the
tutorials is about Korean and you
will look for the kdn translator the good
after finding you will open that word
this page here will have the
registration and installation and the
download translator
I just upgrade to a translator
plus one so far so far the most
updated is on the site to download that
the version of day 12 of the two 2014
unfortunately the most up-to-date version
calculated so far two months ago
behind right
then it is possible that neither
everything in the game will translate some items
because it is not translated because of
updates I always say more
theater right
even more the Korean who always brings in
always changes something against
update
finally with two months of updating and
most up to date version of two
months ago but it will come out really good
to link the tenth date is on
website then just click the download button
here is downloading the file
every time you update
the translator
I'm going to change the link here without bouncing
the most up -to-date link and date
up here but in case I happen to
forget to change it or not change the
link are you always reading here
observation of topics to be
posts that remark
and here it is late and it is under certain
observation is saying always
updating house
this post is outdated
updated vaccine search page
case in another act in Portuguese in the
facebook you can access the page
Click here and click here
open the page and there you are looking for
Updated version updated so far is
this me looking for the page does not have a
updated version that is this then I
I'm going to download here you see some downloading
or cancel because time has gone by but if it lowers
It's good that he's here in the wrong format.
The two of you will now open
if I put the edicts here and the page
the page of your Korean jingle master
here you will play your file in
radio translator that downloaded and will extract
the files here yes to all
beauty extracted take away
the translator was installed on the page in the
I do not play
now it's just you open your business
Korean is opening for the advance boat
here if you want to win there full goes
there in the site desmon game that has nothing of
download and install configure as well
beauty now it's just you that kagame estate
that the game will open
Good, I'm going to give a stick with
and come back with felipe already in
of the game to show the translator beauty and
kindness and even here in the game and
now I will show the translator the translator is
good even if the translator is in Portuguese
not everything was brought from the Portuguese right
things in English as nurseries in
English is in English
the description of the items in English or
all items treatment films
translated
some only have a title translated and
who serves Korean excited to give
to play understand good title
all of which were not
translated
It's like the translator two months ago.
and MPC and emissions have to enter a
two months have not been
logically translated but can not really
play the title here well this is translated
in creches where translating the title is the
npc tite came to know the place where
You have to perform quest and aim.
in the case here at Christmas with his mother
the description helps in this question has everything
Korean is the name of cnpc it is translated to
behind the English will translate the
only things that in Portuguese were
when you move map that tip
that appears when you enter the
portal points the map that tip appears
stay behind the Portuguese is this here
It is also the one I take to stop following
to change mon
so here it is one of the items that was not
translate what has been translated into this
english cnpc are as then the name
English also with
the disputes in this case
from adcap so much that the name comes out from above
well then is that behind the taxi was
entered is not fully translated from the
Portuguese but you can not understand much
thing good page so that's
guys
If you liked I'd like to subscribe to the
favorite traditional channel
thank you very much for the announcement so it's
That's good for the next time.
went